vault: update plugin verification known issue with fix version (#2550)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/global/partials/important-changes/known-issue/plugin-signature-verification-fails-with-renewed-hashicorp-pgp-key.mdx

#### Workaround

Upgrade to the latest patch release of Vault Enterprise in the affected series.

> Vault will be updated to verify plugins released before or after April 21, 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault can now verify plugins released before or after April 21, 2026. 
We recommend upgrading to the latest patch release of Vault Enterprise in the affected series.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

The issue is fixed in the following versions:
- Vault Enterprise 2.0.2
- Vault Enterprise 1.21.7
- Vault Enterprise 1.20.12

> - Vault Enterprise 1.19.18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The point of the tables above are to note the version where the issue was found and the version where we fixed the issue. We don't need to re-list that info here
